Before we even start talking about object oriented programming let's step back a bit and define what
a program is.
The reason is because we will see the entire evolution of how programs were written and how object oriented
programming came to the scene and most importantly why this will make you more well-rounded as a software
developer.
So what is a program.
So as you can see in this diagram program is our intention and it is written in a programming language
which gets translated to machine language to let the computer know what to do.
So in this nifty diagram you can see it all starts with an idea either something want to build or a
problem one to solve.
We start from an idea hey we have to do this down we have to do that after we have to do some other
stuff.
Whatever it is then we have to convert our idea and our intention of getting that idea working into
code using a programming language.
So here is some simple pseudo code showing functions called Do this do that.
Do some other stuff.
So this code written in some programming language gets converted to machine language that a computer
can understand and then our program runs a.k.a. our intention which basically makes our idea come to
life.
So starts from an intention we write that intention into code using a programming language gets converted
to machine language which then a computer can understand.
So this is the basic lifecycle of a program from beginning to end.